c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\grpc_csharp_ext.x86.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\grpc_csharp_ext.x64.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.so
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.so
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.dylib
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.dylib
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Citizen.dll.config
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Citizen.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Citizen.pdb
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Api.CommonProtos.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Api.Gax.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.DevTools.Common.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Diagnostics.AspNet.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Diagnostics.Common.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.ErrorReporting.V1Beta1.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Logging.Log4Net.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Logging.Type.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Logging.V2.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Trace.V1.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Grpc.Auth.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Grpc.Core.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Api.CommonProtos.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Api.Gax.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.DevTools.Common.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Diagnostics.AspNet.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Diagnostics.Common.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.ErrorReporting.V1Beta1.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Logging.Log4Net.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Logging.Type.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Logging.V2.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Cloud.Trace.V1.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Google.Protobuf.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Grpc.Auth.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Grpc.Core.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\obj\Debug\Citizen.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\obj\Debug\Citizen.dll
c:\users\s8jmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\citizen\Citizen\obj\Debug\Citizen.pdb
